>> Jerome Hardaway: We're gonna start
getting into the GitHub portion of things,
and we are gonna get into what I view
the most underused feature on GitHub,
which is the GitHub Projects Board.
This is a military statement.
You failed a plan, plan failed,
that's what Project Voice is about.
It's about building out your plan,
I go there and
I'm starting to build out tickets and
gonna process of how do
I plan my questions?
How do I plan my career?
How do I plan my learning?
Everything, this is something that is,
that you can make public and
you can showcase via GitHub profiles,
via your website,
anything in real time,
and show your growth.
>> Jerome Hardaway: So we're gonna focus
on understanding it, send up our board,
documentation and visibility, analytics
and storytelling, and best practices.
Like I said, this is about
showcasing your work ethic, right?
Especially for the juniors out there who
are like, how do I show what I'm learning?
All right, so now we're into user two,
user three, showcasing,
not only we know we're doing,
but we're keeping growth, right?
Or even if you're mid or senior, right,
we wanna showcase how I'm growing,
how I'm learning.
People always have that question,
especially at Microsoft,
who we have that learn it all philosophy,
right?
So you're always talking about,
all right, you wanna be a learn it all.
How do you upskill,
how do you learn something new, right?
Well, this helps with you showcasing that
framework, how I learned something new.
Let's go here.
Let's go to the project board and showcase
what's on my list of things to do and
showcase my volume of what I've done and
how I learned it, right?
Does this tool come with
a free GitHub account?
Yes, it does, it is free.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Let me go,
profile is right here.
And this tab right here projects,
your overview your repositories, projects,
packages, stars and
what you're sponsoring.
It's right there in the middle.
You're right here,
it says I have six closed.
These are the six ones, portfolio board,
bunch of play ones that
I've been practicing with.
But let's go to the one
that I want you all to use.
This is a template,
you can take this template, share it.
This is the one that I recommend
you every junior starts off with,
this is how I do my death
persona questions for user zero.
And from user zero, I can help you
build out anything and get you a job.
From user zero, I know what
projects I can help you build with,
how to start mapping out your portfolio.
How to start with your resume,
with these dev persona questions,
17 questions that I ask everybody.
And then I go from there and
we start building out the plan.
Your objective is modify and
adapt this project board to better
fit your specific, like goals.
This first project is you.
So I have 17 questions on there at three
things that you would like your mentor to
ask you to the project board, right?
>> Student 1: Is this considered public or
is there a way to,
while you're in progress and you're maybe
not really proud of what you're doing yet
because of process-.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Yes,
it starts private.
>> Student 1: Okay.
>> Jerome Hardaway: And you can make
public.
>> Student 1: Okay.
>> Jerome Hardaway: I always recommend,
while I recommend building in public I
was you know building in public when
you're ready is also
a very important thing.
Especially, you don't
wanna mess around and
I don't know put some like PII out
there or something like that right?
>> Student 1: Yeah, and also just want
to make feel free to make mistakes.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Of course,
but mistakes are,
people hate on making mistakes and you
should absolutely make mistakes probably
when it comes to code cuz that helps you,
that shows growth, right?
So, adventure time said it best,
the first step of being kind of good at
something's being bad at something, right?
So, Jake taught us all that.
Yes, sir.
>> Student 2: You recommend going
through this with a mentor, right?
>> Jerome Hardaway: Yeah, so
the mentor add them as a collaborator
if you wanna go through it.
But right now,
I want to see you add three tickets to it.
So go to the Issues component,
add three tickets, or just add one,
and then we'll ask you.
We'll see how you can fit through it.
So, what I'm saying,
what I'm referring to,
go here, after you make it your own,
add an item, and add,
let's say if it's me to,
>> Jerome Hardaway: If I was brand new,
that would be the first question,
that would be one of the questions
I want someone to ask me, right?
Is adding that ticket not come here?
>> Jerome Hardaway: Edit,
>> Jerome Hardaway: Description.
>> Jerome Hardaway: As a veteran,
I would like to know how to
apply my military service
as a part of my resume and
my job search.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Criteria,
>> Jerome Hardaway: Showcase
my work should guess my work ethic
while not impacting any of the mission
oriented,
>> Jerome Hardaway: Not get
in trouble with the government.
That was like the number one thing when
I was coming out that I was terrified of
cuz I still had IRR and I was like,
I don't wanna mess up my secret.
My secret clearance and
accidentally say something
I'm not supposed to say, so, priority
>> Jerome Hardaway: Can't
spell,
>> Jerome Hardaway: High update and
there we go, I added my first ticket.
So that's what I'm, after you all get the
template, add your first, add a ticket.
>> Jerome Hardaway: We've already
identified our auditation needs.
We're reflecting on the structure and
content of how that template allies
with our own projects and goals.
Good job on making one for
your project as well.
That I'm not gonna bug you on your
personal project cuz it's like a mech app
and I'm like you don't want me
going through your code doc.
I'm not a fun person going through your
code and altering those automation rules.
And I think you should do that play with
that, play with the GitHub projects.
I liked seeing people make
their own because you wanna be
able to see what works for you,
what's gonna show your volume,
especially when it comes to
the insights and that graph.
That graph is when you're talking about
interviewing one, I've had an interview
this year just informational and
I was showing them like my volume and
graph cuz I do so
much work on that sue code.
They're like okay,
you're building this ticket,
you're dealing things with AI,
things are JavaScript,
doing things Python, you're all over
the place and you're constantly learning.
You're already on LLM compression and we
don't even know what that is yet, right?
So that is what you wanna be able
to show that just in the tickets
without even showing code,
what you're working on,
it tells a great story when you're
in those interview processes.
And I've had two informationals
turn to full scale interviews and
then turn into offer
letters this year just for
me personally that I've turned out,
so I know, some of this stuff.
This stuff works, you can absolutely
use project boards to get a job and
get into the get into the final rounds.